Health check (#39)
nemtech/symbol-bootstrap: docs/healthCheck.md

`symbol-bootstrap healthCheck`
==============================

It checks if the services created with docker compose are up and running.

* [`symbol-bootstrap healthCheck`](#symbol-bootstrap-healthcheck)

## `symbol-bootstrap healthCheck`

> It checks if the services created with docker compose are up and running.

Reviewer: I would list exactly what things it tests. There's more information in the issue description than in this README...

Author: Fixed. The commands md files are generated from the TS command files.

`symbol-bootstrap healthCheck`
==============================

It checks if the services created with docker compose are up and running.
    

> - if the docker containers are running.
> - if the services' exposed ports are listening.
> - if the rest gateways' /node/health are OK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The performed checks are:
- Whether the docker containers are running.
- Whether the services' exposed ports are listening.
- Whether the rest gateways' /node/health are OK.
```

Author: mmm, the "whether" wasn't in the old feedback. 

I cannot commit your change, healthCheck.md is generated. I've changed the typescript source code.

https://github.com/nemtech/symbol-bootstrap/blob/health-check/src/commands/healthCheck.ts#L7

Thanks!

`symbol-bootstrap healthCheck`
==============================

> It checks if the services created with docker compose are up and running:
> - if the docker containers are running.
> - if the services' exposed ports are listening.
> - if the rest gateways' /node/health are OK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It checks if the services created with docker compose are up and running.

The performed checks are:
- If the docker containers are running.
- If the services' exposed ports are listening.
- If the rest gateways' /node/health are OK.
```

The health check process handles 'repeat' and custom 'openPort' services.

* [`symbol-bootstrap healthCheck`](#symbol-bootstrap-healthcheck)

## `symbol-bootstrap healthCheck`

> It checks if the services created with docker compose are up and running:

Reviewer: Colon at the end.
